The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah.
You know,
venom page is
ridiculous and he's,
he's so long too.
And his,
his timing and movement is so unpredictable and he could sprint at you and you
don't even like all of a sudden bangs machine in the face.
You saw that the knockout when he knocked out cyborg and caved his head in with
that knee dude cave the man's head.
And I've seen thousands of fights.
I've never saw a man get his head caved in ever.
A hard to look at his phone,
look at the,
hey,
look at us sculpt his,
his head is pushed in.
I mean that was six at the video above it.
Does that show the actual knockout or no,
that's not it.
That is it.
Yeah.
I mean,
but look how he fights to hands down.
that is crazy.
That guy is the CEO,
Rodney agony like that.
I remember his fight with,
uh,
was one of the best MMA fights ever.
The real muscular guy.
He's real muscular.
Cyborg.
Cyborg had a fight with this,
this another,
oh he's,
he's kind of on the down hill now,
but at one time he was like the Mike Tyson of intimate,
we built,
I know,
you know who I'm talking to.
Her 2000 Manhoef.
Yes.
Yeah.
I knew you knew.
Did you see Cyborg?
See that fight,
those payoffs.
Yeah.
Malvin some mother Fucker,
man.
Ooh.
And he's another one man came from that.
Uh,
he's,
he comes from,
um,
Mike's gym in Holland,
which is a famous kickboxing gym for savages.
Just do.
Yeah.
Just wore the young,
a young man.
What's up fucking yeah.
Yes.
Oh,
there it is.
And Melvin is built like a fucking,
he was another one.
Unbelievable power and speed when he was in his prime.
Yep.
But he's not the same anymore.
You run through so many wars.
Right.
But man,
that dude super bad.
And it was one of those gladiator jumps to,
here's a piece of my,
one of my essays.
But that showed you how tough Cyborg was.
Cause there was a war that was in cage warriors.
I think that was an end.
There was a war.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I'm in.
I've had the privilege watching so many great fighters fight.
It's interesting to watch all the different styles and all of that,
but the thing that they all have,
all the great ones have,
they have this unstoppable belief in themselves.
Even if they lose,
they just,
they learn,
they lose,
they come back,
they get better.
One of my favorite interviews was Royce Gracie and man,
uh,
his mentality,
he says,
you know,
I make no plans for after the Franks.
Like,
fuck yeah,
I love these guys guys.
Fucking,
they're ready.
They'll die.
He's not seeing that hasty.
I see guys now talking about the after party and me over here say,
no,
no.
I am prepared
to die.
And why?
Hey,
oh yeah.
Made Shit Up.
So because I was prepared to die on the weightlifting platform,
the doc says,
Hey,
if you go see tea,
you're able to drive,
could burst right there on stage who die in front of all those people.
Good,
good.
That's the way I got it.
If you want to,
if you want real greatness,
you have to be able to give it all away.
But to find somebody else did that crazy dude.
I was like,
I was the only one.
Did you see the middleweight championship fight between Calvin gas slum and
Israel at a Sanya a style bender?
Did you see that fight?
Yeah,
of course.
Right before the fifth round.
I mean,
it's a close fight and style.
Bender came out and just destroyed in the fifth round,
but right before that he said,
I'm ready to die.
Yes.
Set it to see it.
He's looking at him.
He goes,
I'm ready to die.
I heard that.
May you know that?
Oh Man.
Oh yeah.